Test Plan 

1. Objectives : This document describes the plan for testing the Demo System. This Test Plan document supports the following objectives:

Identify existing project information and the software that should be tested.
List the recommended test requirements (high level).
Recommend and describe the testing strategies to be employed.
Identify the required resources and provide an estimate of the test efforts.
List the deliverable elements of the test activities.


2. Scope : The interface between the following subsystem is tested 
           - Course of login
          - course of quotation reques 
          - course of quotation retrieve
          -course of editing profile infromation
          -course of automating the desired functions 

3. Requirements for test : 
     A. Functional test : - verify the user login into the system 
                          - verify the logout of the user 
                          - verify the profile updates
                          -verify the quotation request and the details 

      B. Data and Database integirty testing:
              None                   
     
      C. User Interface testing:
              - verify the validations of input fields 
              -verify the buttons and the text assertions

      D. performance testing:
              None  

       E: Load testing:
                None


 Test Objectives: 
   a.  Function Testing
Testing of the application should focus on any target requirements that can be traced directly to use cases (or business functions), and business rules. The goals of these tests are to verify proper data acceptance, processing, and retrieval, and the appropriate implementation of the business rules. This type of testing is based upon black box techniques, that is, verifying the application (and its internal processes) by interacting with the application via the GUI and analyzing the output (results). Identified below is an outline of the testing recommended for each application:

 

Test Objective:	
Ensure proper application navigation, data entry, processing, and retrieval.

Technique:	
Execute each use case, use case flow, or function, using valid and invalid data, to verify the following:

-The expected results occur when valid data is used.

-The appropriate error / warning messages are displayed when invalid data is used.

-Each business rule is properly applied.

Completion Criteria:	
-All planned tests have been executed.
-All identified defects have been addressed.

b. User Interface Testing
User Interface testing verifies a user’s interaction with the software. The goal of UI Testing is to ensure that the User Interface provides the user with the appropriate access and navigation through the functions of the applications. In addition, UI Testing ensures that the objects within the UI function as expected and conform to corporate or industry standards.

 

Test Objective:	
Verify the following:
-Navigation through the application properly reflects business functions and requirements, including window to window, field to field, and use of access methods (tab keys, mouse movements, accelerator keys)
-Window objects and characteristics, such as menus, size, position, state, and focus conform to standards.

Technique:	
-Create / modify tests for each window to verify proper navigation and object states for each application window and objects.

Completion Criteria:	
Each window successfully verified to remain consistent with benchmark version or within acceptable standard


3. Roles and Responsibilities
    A. Test Manager : Provides management oversight

Responsibilities:

Provide technical direction
Acquire appropriate resources
Management reporting

B. Test Designer:Identifies, prioritizes, and implements test cases

Responsibilities:

Generate test plan
Generate Test Suite
Evaluate effectiveness of test effort


C. System Tester	:	Executes the tests

Responsibilities:

Execute tests
Log results
Recover from errors
Document defects

D. Test System Administrator:	Ensures test environment and assets are managed and maintained.

Responsibilities:

Administer test management system
Install / manage worker access to test systems

E. Database Administration / Database Manager:	Ensures test data (database) environment and assets are managed and maintained.

Responsibilities:

Administer test data (database)

F. Designer	:Identifies and defines the operations, attributes, and associations of the test classes

Responsibilities:

Identifies and defines the test class(es)
Identifies and defines the test packages

G. Implementer	:Implements and unit tests the test classes and test packages

Responsibilities:

Creates the test classes and packages implemented in the Test Suite.


4. Deliverables 

||Deliverable||                ||Owner ||                 ||Reviewer ||          
  Test Plan                                                  QA Manager
  Test Environments
  Test Suites 
  Test Scripts
  Defect Report 
  Test Results


5. Test Suite
The Test Suite will define all the test cases and the test scripts which are associated with each test case.

    5.1  Test logs 
    It is planned to use RequisitePro to identify the test cases and to track the status of each test case. The test results will be summarized in RequisitePro as untested, passed, conditional pass, or failed. In summary, RequisitePro will be setup to support the following attributes for each test case, as defined in the Requirements Attributes Guidelines [17]:

-Test status
-Build Number
-Tested By
-Date Tested
-Test Notes
It will be the responsibility of the System Tester to update the test status in RequisitePro.

Test results will be retained under Configuration Control.


6. Project Tasks
Below are the test related tasks for testing the C-Registration Architectural Prototype:

6.1 Plan Test


                    Identify Requirements for Test

                    Assess Risk

                    Develop Test Strategy

                    Identify Test Resources

                    Create Schedule

                    Generate Test Plan

6.2 Design Test


        Workload Analysis (not applicable for Prototype)

        Develop Test Suite

        Identify and Describe Test Cases

        Identify and Structure Test Scripts

        Review and Access Test Coverage


6.2 Implement Test


      Setup Test Environment

      Record or Program Test Scripts

      Develop Test Stubs and Drivers

      Identify Test-Specific functionality in the design and implementation model

      Establish External Data sets



6.4 Execute Test

            Execute Test Scripts

            Evaluate Execution of Test

            Recover from Halted Test

            Verify the results

            Investigate Unexpected Results

            Log Defects


6.5 Evaluate Test


    Evaluate Test-Case Coverage

    Evaluate Code Coverage

    Analyze Defects

    Determine if Test Completion Criteria and Success Criteria have been achieved

    Create Test Evaluation Report
   
